one that involves a very talented port
of dolphins
they are closely watched by a flock of
great egrets who have become experts on
the Dolphins behavior
[Music]
they RQ is the moment to dolphin pulps
to the surface and checking the position
of the nearest mud Bank the egrets are
poised and ready for action
then it happens the Dolphins drive the
fistula schewe as the fish flown down
the Dolphins scoop them up
but the egrets also Pilon
this is the only place in the world
where dolphins strand feed like this and
the local birds have learned to make the
most of it
strangely the Dolphins always use their
right sides to push ashore
the young dolphins pick up this
technique from their parents as do the
egrets that follow them
mamie no longer fish for themselves and
totally rely upon the dolphins castoffs
the egrets are living proof of bards
extraordinary ability to adapt to the
opportunities on Alpha
you